Update issues page with live GitHub issue and contributor details (#112)
IHE/ITI.DeIdHandbook: input/pagecontent/ips-ehds-example.md

Additional regulation purposes from Article 54 not permitted:

> - Taking decisions detrimental to a natural person or a group of natural persons based on their electronic health data; in order to qualify as 'decisions' for the purposes of this point, they have to produce legal, social or economic eUects or similarly significantly aUect those natural persons;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Taking decisions detrimental to a natural person or a group of natural persons based on their electronic health data; in order to qualify as 'decisions' for the purposes of this point, they have to produce legal, social or economic effects or similarly significantly affect those natural persons;
```
